1. Motivation
My motivation is to develop myself as a specialist. 
In understanding my ability to solve complex problems and see that the result of my work 
brings profit to the company. Satisfaction with my work and team's ability to roll mountains, 
that's my motivation.

2. I'm the best candidate
I am the best candidate because I am able to quickly 
learn and join the existing team. 
For my experience not only in IT, 
but also for more than 10 years of experience in the management 
of a large team during the service in the armed forces. 
Nowadays, due to of the huge flow of information, 
it is impossible to know everything and therefore highly 
regarded such qualities as the ability to adapt in 
a complex environment, the ability to quickly find the 
necessary information and correctly apply it in practice.
It's principles of my life that I try to do better and better step by step.

3. My greatest achievement
I sure that my greatest achievement is the ability 
to set goals and achieve them by teamwork. 
This has more than once benefited me, but also 
the companies in which I worked. I always succeeded 
in smoothing the growing negative situation in the 
team and leading them to the goal of the tasks. 
My team always walked with me to our little victories.
When I saw that the team was on its way to the goal 
with great enthusiasm, I knew that such a job could not be badly done.
Ability to work in a team, this is my main achievement.

4. Why Netherlands
In the Netherlands, all conditions are created 
for the upbringing of children, a sufficient 
standard of living and self-realization. 
For me, as for an IT specialist, there are no 
state borders and I'm putting my self-realization 
at the heart of my motivation, which will enable me 
to feel my ability to solve complex problems in a team driven by one idea.

5. What is the project you are most proud of and why?
Currently, I manage one of the streams for implementing 
a business process on one of the artificial intelligence platforms.
This stream was accepted by me at the stage of the client's 
possibility of rejecting it.
With the help of timely decision-making and offering these 
solutions to the client, customer satisfaction has increased, 
which allowed the project to reach the final stage.

6. Who has the most influence on your career and why?
This is a very interesting question and I will answer it, 
that my family has the greatest influence. 
Because the family's well-being I put on a par with self-realization, 
as these are interrelated concepts.
Believe me, I have something to compare with. Because at the beginning 
of family life I was not able to provide my family at a sufficient level. 
Because of this self-realization was put on the second place.
Currently, I earn enough and now I can think not about how 
to find money, but about how to more self-fulfilling

7. About my free timely
I like to travel. 
Together with my family we like to visit 
various attractions of our country. Last weekends we 
visited Mir Castle, where was located one of the Radzivil's 
summer residences. Next weekends we 
plan to visit their main residence - Nesvizh Castle.